What are you doing to my father?
How can I die? It feels like death.
I can't finish this, so I'll pack my things.
I'm ready to leave.
I can't stay in Lifu for a moment anymore, it hurts so much.
When I get married, the Emperor of Dixitian will be brainwashed by me, who will understand it?
So this time it’s really not about people, the key is none other than others.
It's leaked again. Whoever loves me the most is allowed to do it. I will not answer it despite my efforts.
What does it say it is?
I was running away that day. Didn't you hear that the military power will be sent out for me tomorrow?
If you don’t run now, then when will you do it?
By the way, how are you preparing? I hope nothing unexpected happens.
Miss, please prepare
Why are you so anxious to call me back?
I am also planning to marry the teacher and make quick money. Are you afraid of that?
Don't say that, no one has said yes?
You're asleep, Miss. Do you still want to be afraid?
If you call me, you will naturally be unable to sleep with us.
Why don't you get a birth visa?
If you sleep with me, you will become my lady.
If you do good things to him
Dashun, just save it
You are no longer worthy of being a father
Will kill someone
what do you study
Silly girl has something to say
Asking for money late at night
Are you inseparable?
It's really up to you, I'll send you up there
I am sure